Add Hardhat migration information. (#1437)
trufflesuite/trufflesuite.com: src/docs/truffle/how-to/migrate-to-hardhat.md

---
title: Migrate to Hardhat
layout: docs.hbs
---

# Migrate to Hardhat

Like Truffle, Hardhat is a development environment for Ethereum software. It consists of different components for
editing, compiling, debugging and deploying smart contracts and dapps.

This topic provides some general steps you need to perform to migrate an existing Truffle project to Hardhat.

## Install Hardhat

Install Hardhat using the following command:

```bash
npm install --save-dev hardhat
```

## Update the folder structure

Update the Truffle folder structure as follows:

* Rename the `migrations` directory to `scripts`

> * Rename `truffle-config.js` to `hardhat.config.js`

Reviewer: I think change line 26 to "Create a new `hardhat.config.js` with your network details and solidity settings. Refer to the Hardhat [docs](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/docs/config) for advanced params".

The standard folder structure for Truffle  and Hardhat is as follows:

=== "Truffle folder structure"

    ```
    truffle
    ├── truffle-config.js       
    ├── contracts               // source files for your contracts 
    ├── migrations              // location for your scripts, for example to deploy to a chain
    ├── test                    // contract tests
    ```

=== "Hardhat folder structure"

    ```
    hardhat
    ├── hardhat.config.js       // hardhat network config
    ├── contracts               // source files for your contracts 
    ├── scripts                 // location for your scripts, for example to deploy to a chain
    ├── test                    // contract tests
    ```

## Compile, test, and deploy contracts

The process to compile, test, and deploy your contracts on Hardhat is:

1. Install dependencies listed in your project's `package.json` file:

    ```bash
    npm i
    ```

2. Compile the contracts in your Hardhat project:

    ```bash
    npx hardhat compile
    ```

3. Test your contract:

    ```bash
    npx hardhat test
    ```

> 4. Test a contract deployment:

Reviewer: Suggest "Hardhat uses ethers.js so you will likely need to swap web3 for ethers and you can then deploy you contract. Please refer to hardhat [docs](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/docs/guides/deploying) for more information on deploying contracts"

---
title: Migrate to Hardhat
layout: docs.hbs
---

# Migrate to Hardhat

Like Truffle, Hardhat is a development environment for Ethereum software. It consists of different components for

> editing, compiling, debugging and deploying smart contracts and dapps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
editing, compiling, debugging, and deploying smart contracts and dapps.
```

This topic provides some general steps you need to perform to migrate an existing Truffle project to Hardhat.

## Install Hardhat

Install Hardhat using the following command:

```bash
npm install --save-dev hardhat
```

## Update the folder structure

Update the Truffle folder structure as follows:

> * Rename the `migrations` directory to `scripts`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Rename the `migrations` directory to `scripts`.
```

The standard folder structure for Truffle  and Hardhat is as follows:

=== "Truffle folder structure"

    ```
    truffle
    ├── truffle-config.js       
    ├── contracts               // source files for your contracts 
    ├── migrations              // location for your scripts, for example to deploy to a chain
    ├── test                    // contract tests
    ```

=== "Hardhat folder structure"

    ```
    hardhat
    ├── hardhat.config.js       // hardhat network config
    ├── contracts               // source files for your contracts 
    ├── scripts                 // location for your scripts, for example to deploy to a chain
    ├── test                    // contract tests
    ```

## Compile, test, and deploy contracts

You may need to swap Truffle's native web3 for Hardhat's [Web3.js](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomiclabs-hardhat-web3) or
[ethers.js](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-ethers) plugins to deploy your contract. Refer to
[the Hardhat documentation](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/docs/guides/deploying) for more information on deploying contracts.

> The process to compile, test, and deploy your contracts on Hardhat is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following steps to compile, test, and deploy your contracts on Hardhat:
```

1. Install dependencies listed in your project's `package.json` file:

    ```bash
    npm i
    ```

2. Compile the contracts in your Hardhat project:

    ```bash
    npx hardhat compile
    ```

3. Test your contract:

    ```bash
    npx hardhat test
    ```

4. Test a contract deployment:

    ```bash
    npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js
    ```

When Hardhat executes your tests, scripts, or tasks, an in-process Hardhat Network node is started automatically. Alternatively,
you can specify a network configured in the `hardhat.config.js` file, with the `--network` option. For example:

```bash
npx hardhat run --network <your-network> scripts/deploy.js
```

## Run a local Ethereum network node

Testing locally is different because Ganache is not available as a local Ethereum network node. Hardhat uses
[Hardhat Network](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-network/docs/overview#hardhat-network) as its local Ethereum network node.

> To run a local Ethereum test network, that exposes a JSON-RPC interface to Hardhat Network, run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run a local Ethereum test network that exposes a JSON-RPC interface to Hardhat Network, run:
```

```bash
npx hardhat node
```

> You configure Hardhat Network in the `hardhat.config.js` file. For example, [this configuration file](https://github.com/Consensys/migrate-truffle-to-hardhat/blob/070bed3ea8438ad6e0a896bef0e27b3950cbbfca/contracts/hardhat/hardhat.config.ts) has configured a network named `quickstart`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure Hardhat Network in the `hardhat.config.js` file. For example, [this configuration file](https://github.com/Consensys/migrate-truffle-to-hardhat/blob/070bed3ea8438ad6e0a896bef0e27b3950cbbfca/contracts/hardhat/hardhat.config.ts) defines a network named `quickstart`.
```
